1.What is oops stands for?
2.What is Polymorphism? explain types?
3.what is interface and example in selenium,java?
4.what is abstarct class and example?
5.Difference between multiple inheritance and multilevel inheritance
6.Is multiple inheritance possible in java?
7.What is keyword for using inheritance  
8.what is the keyword to connect interface and class
9.what is difference between class and interface
10.what is difference between class and abstract class

ANSWERS

1.OOPS stands for Object-Oriented Programming language

2.One of the important concepts in Object Oriented Programming (OOP) is polymorphism which means that a single action can be performed in different ways. 
The different forms exist when they are related through inheritance.There are two types,
                   1)Method overloading
                   2)Method overriding


3.An interface in java is a blueprint of a class.it has a static contants and abstract methods. The interface in java is a mechanism of achieve abstraction.
    Example in selinium:webdriver


4.An abstract class is a class that is declared abstract —it may or may not include abstract methods. Abstract classes cannot be instantiated, but they can be 
  subclassed. When an abstract class is subclassed, the subclass usually provides implementations for all of the abstract methods in its parent class.
  
5.Multiple Inheritance : 
     Multiple Inheritance is when a class inherits from many base classes 
  
  Multilevel Inheritance:
     Multilevel Inheritance is when a class inherits from a derived class making that derived class a base class for a new class.

6.The Java programming language supports multiple inheritance of type, which is the ability of a class to implement more than one interface. An object can have
  multiple types: the type of its own class and the types of all the interfaces that the class implements.

7.Extends keyword is used for inheritance.

8.The keyword used to connect interface and class is implements.

9.Class:
    1) A class describes the attributes and behaviors of an object.
    2) A class may contain abstract methods, concrete methods.
  Interface:
    1) An interface contains behaviors that a class implements.
    2)  An interface contains only abstract methods.

10.An abstract class can have abstract methods (Method without body) and concrete/non-abstract methods (Methods with the body) also. The abstract class must have 
   at least one abstract method(Method without body). A normal class can't have any abstract method.
  